## Signal Analysis Tool for Oscilloscope and Fluorescence Recordings.

Provided tool installs as stand-alone program on the computer. It will require ~700Mb for MATLAB executable, and 4Mb for the program.

During installation process, you can check box to create a shortcut on your desktop.

Alternatively search BME_Signal_Analysis in the windows app search.

### Input requirements:
1. For Oscilloscope files - .csv with 1st column containing time in (ns) and 2nd column containing recording in Volts. This file is generated by LABVIEW.
2. For Fluorescence files - .csv with 1st column containing time in (s), last column containing background fluorescence, other columns containing cell recordings. This file is generated by LASX "Export to excel".

### General analysis workflow:
1. Click "Select Oscilloscope Files from Folder" and select all oscilloscope files you want to analyze.
2. Wait until you see generated figures of all traces separately, their combined MEAN +/- SEM, and a figure containing all traces on top of each other.
3. Select which recordings you want to keep in your excel file at the last panel, and, if you want, save the figures.
4. Click "Select Fluorescence Files from Folder" and select all fluorescence files you want to analyze.
5. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for fluorescence traces.
6. Click "Save Selected Files to Folder", select a destination folder and type in a name, then click save.
7. The Excel file will be there.

### General Errors and Solutions:
- If you do not have administrative rights to write to the selected file location, then the error sound will be made. Run the program as administrator.
- If you select wrong files (Fluorescene files instead of Oscilloscope files, or with wrong format), then the error sound will be made. Read the "Input requirements" section.
- If you have an excel file open, while trying to write to it, then the error sound will be made. Close the file and try again.
